Title: Request for Nominations for Members To Serve on National Institute of Standards and Technology and National Technical Information Service Federal Advisory Committees
Date: 2025-04-18
Document Number: 2025-06716
Type: Notice
Agencies: Commerce Department, National Institute of Standards and Technology
HTML URL: https://www.federalregister.govhttps://www.federalregister.gov/documents/2025/04/18/2025-06716/request-for-nominations-for-members-to-serve-on-national-institute-of-standards-and-technology-and
PDF URL: https://www.govinfo.gov/content/pkg/FR-2025-04-18/pdf/2025-06716.pdf
Downloaded: 2025-09-14 03:21:59
================================================================================

ABSTRACT:
The National Institute of Standards and Technology (NIST or Institute) and the National Technical Information Service (NTIS) invites and requests nomination of individuals for appointment to ten existing Federal Advisory Committees (Committees): Advisory Committee on Earthquake Hazards Reduction; Board of Overseers of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award; Industrial Advisory Committee; Information Security and Privacy Advisory Board; Judges Panel of the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality Award; Manufacturing Extension Partnership Advisory Board; National Artificial Intelligence Advisory Committee; National Construction Safety Team Advisory Committee; National Technical Information Service Advisory Board; and Visiting Committee on Advanced Technology. NIST and NTIS will consider nominations received in response to this notice for appointment to the Committees, in addition to nominations already received. Registered Federal lobbyists may not serve on NIST or NTIS Federal Advisory Committees in an individual capacity.

================================================================================

FULL DOCUMENT CONTENT:

--- Page 1 ---
Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices 16501
outlined the procedure that Signatories Intent To Rescind Administrative DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
must follow for selling subject Review
merchandise for processing. Fresh National Institute of Standards and
Commerce is currently conducting
tomatoes that are imported for cutting Technology
two administrative reviews of the 2019
up, not further processing (e.g., Agreement. Commerce initiated one
Request for Nominations for Members
tomatoes used in the preparation of review on November 15, 2023, for the
To Serve on National Institute of
fresh salsa or salad bars), are covered by period of review from September 1,
Standards and Technology and
this 2019 Agreement. 2022, through August 31, 2023 (2022–
National Technical Information Service
Commercially grown tomatoes, both 2023 review).26Commerce initiated the
Federal Advisory Committees
for the fresh market and for processing, second review on October 17, 2024, for
are classified as Lycopersicon the period of review from September 1, AGENCY: National Institute of Standards
esculentum. Important commercial 2023, through August 31, 2024 (2023– and Technology, Department of
varieties of fresh tomatoes include 2024 review).27The final results of the Commerce.
common round, cherry, grape, plum, 2022–2023 review are due to be issued ACTION: Notice.
greenhouse, and pear tomatoes, all of by Commerce on July 8, 2025, prior to
which are covered by this Agreement. the effective date of termination of the SUMMARY: The National Institute of
Tomatoes imported from Mexico 2019 Agreement on July 14, 2025. Standards and Technology (NIST or
covered by this 2019 Agreement are However, if Commerce terminates the Institute) and the National Technical
classified under the following 2019 Agreement, the ongoing 2023– Information Service (NTIS) invites and
subheading of the Harmonized Tariff 2024 review would be moot. Therefore, requests nomination of individuals for
Schedules of the United States Commerce will rescind the 2023–2024 appointment to ten existing Federal
(HTSUS), according to the season of review of the 2019 Agreement on July Advisory Committees (Committees):
importation: 0702. Although this 14, 2025, the effective date of Advisory Committee on Earthquake
HTSUS number is provided for termination of the 2019 Agreement. Hazards Reduction; Board of Overseers
convenience and customs purposes, the International Trade Commission of the Malcolm Baldrige National
written description of the scope of this Quality Award; Industrial Advisory
Commerce has notified the ITC of its
2019 Agreement is dispositive. Committee; Information Security and
intent to terminate the 2019 Agreement
Privacy Advisory Board; Judges Panel of
Intent To Terminate Suspension and issue the AD order.28
the Malcolm Baldrige National Quality
Agreement and Issue Antidumping
Suspension of Liquidation Award; Manufacturing Extension
Duty Order
Partnership Advisory Board; National
As described above, if Commerce
Artificial Intelligence Advisory
On April 14, 2025, Commerce notified terminates the 2019 Agreement and
Committee; National Construction
all Mexican Signatory producers/ resumes the AD investigation,
Safety Team Advisory Committee;
exporters of its intent to exercise its Commerce will instruct CBP to suspend
option under Section XI.B of the 2019 liquidation of entries of fresh tomatoes National Technical Information Service
Agreement to withdraw from the 2019 from Mexico that are entered, or Advisory Board; and Visiting Committee
Agreement. In accordance with Section withdrawn from warehouse, for on Advanced Technology. NIST and
XI.B of the 2019 Agreement, consumption on or after the July 14, NTIS will consider nominations
Commerce’s withdrawal from the 2019 2025, effective date of the termination of received in response to this notice for
Agreement shall be effective on July 14, the 2019 Agreement. CBP shall require appointment to the Committees, in
2025, which is 90 days after such AD cash deposits for entries of the addition to nominations already
notice.23On July 14, 2025, Commerce subject merchandise based on the final received. Registered Federal lobbyists
intends to terminate the 2019 weighted-average dumping margins, may not serve on NIST or NTIS Federal
Agreement and issue an AD order, in which range from 3.91 to 30.48 Advisory Committees in an individual
accordance with section 734(i)(1)(C) of percent.29 capacity.
the Act. As noted above, the underlying DATES: Nominations for all Committees
Notification to Interested Parties
AD investigation in this proceeding was will be accepted on an ongoing basis
continued pursuant to section 734(g) of This determination is issued and and will be considered as and when
the Act, following the acceptance of the published in accordance with section vacancies arise.
2019 Agreement. Commerce made a 734(i) of the Act. ADDRESSES: See below.
final affirmative determination,24and Dated: April 14, 2025.
SUPPLEMENTARYINFORMATION:
the ITC found a threat of material Christopher Abbott,
injury.25Therefore, in accordance with Deputy Assistant Secretary for Policy and Advisory Committee on Earthquake
section 735(c) of the Act, Commerce Negotiations, performing the non-exclusive Hazards Reduction (ACEHR)
will issue an AD order and instruct U.S. functions and duties of the Assistant
Address: Please submit nominations
Customs and Border Protection (CBP) to Secretary for Enforcement and Compliance.
to Tina Faecke via email at tina.faecke@
suspend liquidation of entries of subject [FR Doc. 2025–06676 Filed 4–17–25; 8:45 am]
nist.gov. Nominations may also be
merchandise, effective July 14, 2025. BILLING CODE 3510–DS–P mailed to Tina Faecke, Designated
Federal Officer, National Earthquake
23Because the effective date for Commerce’s 26See Initiation of Antidumping and Hazards Reduction Program, NIST, 100
withdrawal would fall on the weekend (i.e., Countervailing Duty Administrative Reviews, 88 FR
1SECITON Sunday, July 13, 2025), the effective date became 78298 (November 15, 2023). Bureau Drive, Mail Stop 8615,
the next business day. See Notice of Clarification: 27See Initiation of Antidumping and Gaithersburg, MD 20899–8615.
Application of ‘‘Next Business Day’’ Rule for Countervailing Duty Administrative Reviews, 89 FR Additional information regarding the
htiw Administrative Determination Deadlines Pursuant 83644 (October 17, 2024). ACEHR, including its charter and
DORP32NQX11KSD to the Tariff Act of 1930, As Amended, 70 FR 24533 28See Commerce’s Letter, ‘‘Withdrawal from the
current members may be found on its
(May 10, 2005). 2019 Suspension Agreement,’’ dated concurrently
24See 2019 Final Determination. with this notice. electronic home page at https://
25See ITC Final Determination. 29See 2019 Final Determination at 84 FR 57402. nehrp.gov/committees/index.htm.
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00011 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1

--- Page 2 ---
16502 Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices
Contact Information: John ‘‘Jay’’ 3. The term of office of each member Board of Overseers of the Malcolm
Harris, Acting Director, National of the Committee shall be three years, Baldrige National Quality Award
Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program, except that vacancy appointments shall
Address: Please submit nominations
NIST, 100 Bureau Drive, Mail Stop be for the remainder of the unexpired to Robert Fangmeyer, Director, Baldrige
8615, Gaithersburg, MD 20899–8615, term of the vacancy and that members Performance Excellence Program, NIST,
telephone 301–975–6538 or via email at shall have staggered terms such that the 100 Bureau Drive, Mail Stop 1020,
john.harris@nist.gov. Committee will have approximately Gaithersburg, MD 20899–1020.
Committee Information one-third new or reappointed members Nominations may also be submitted via
each year. email to Robert.Fangmeyer@nist.gov.
The Advisory Committee on
Miscellaneous Additional information regarding the
Earthquake Hazards Reduction
Committee, including its charter,
(Committee) was established in 1. Members of the Committee shall current membership list, and executive
accordance with the National not be compensated for their services, summary, may be found at http://
Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program but may, upon request, be allowed www.nist.gov/baldrige/community/
Reauthorization Act of 2004, Public Law travel and per diem expenses in overseers.cfm.
108–360 (42 U.S.C. 7704(a)(5)) and the accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5703 et seq., Contact Information: Robyn Decker,
Federal Advisory Committee Act, 5 while attending meetings of the Designated Federal Officer, Baldrige
U.S.C. 1001 et seq. Committee or subcommittees thereof, or Performance Excellence Program, NIST,
Objectives and Duties while otherwise performing duties at 100 Bureau Drive, Mail Stop 1020,
the request of the Chairperson, while Gaithersburg, MD 20899–1020;
1. The Committee will act in the
away from their homes or regular places telephone 301–975–2361 or via email at
public interest to assess trends and
of business. Robyn@nist.gov.
developments in the science and
2. Members of the Committee shall
engineering of earthquake hazards Committee Information
serve as Special Government Employees
reduction; effectiveness of the National (SGEs) and will be subject to the ethics The Board of Overseers of the
Earthquake Hazards Reduction Program standards applicable to SGEs and are Malcolm Baldrige National Quality
(Program) in carrying out the activities required to file an annual Executive Award (Board) was established in
under section (a)(2) of the Earthquake Branch Confidential Financial accordance with 15 U.S.C.
Hazards Reduction Act of 1977, as Disclosure Report. 3711a(d)(2)(B), pursuant the Federal
amended (42 U.S.C. 7704(a)(2)); the 3. The Committee members shall meet Advisory Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001
need to revise the Program; and the at least once per year. Additional et seq.
management, coordination,
meetings may be called whenever Objectives and Duties
implementation, and activities of the
requested by the NIST Director; such
Program. 1. The Board shall review the work of
meetings may be in the form of
2. The Committee will function solely the private sector contractor(s), which
telephone conference calls and/or
as an advisory body, in accordance with assists the Director of NIST in
videoconferences.
the provisions of the Federal Advisory administering the Malcolm Baldrige
4. Committee meetings are open to the
Committee Act. National Quality Award (Award). The
public.
3. The Committee shall report to the Board will make such suggestions for
Director of NIST at least once every two Nomination Information the improvement of the Award process
years on its findings of the assessments as it deems necessary.
1. Members will be drawn from
and its recommendations for ways to 2. The Board shall make an annual
industry and other communities having
improve the Program. In developing report on the results of Award activities
an interest in the Program, such as, but
recommendations, the Committee shall to the Director of NIST, along with its
not limited to, research and academic
consider the recommendations of the recommendations for the improvement
institutions, industry standards
United States Geological Survey (USGS) of the Award process.
development organizations, State and
Scientific Earthquake Studies Advisory 3. The Board will function solely as
local government, and financial
Committee (SESAC). an advisory committee under the
communities, who are qualified to
Federal Advisory Committee Act, 5
Membership provide advice on earthquake hazards
U.S.C. 1001 et seq.
1. The Committee shall consist of not reduction and represent all related 4. The Board will report to the
fewer than 11, nor more than 17 scientific, architectural, and engineering Director of NIST.
members. Members shall reflect the disciplines.
wide diversity of technical disciplines, 2. Any person who has completed two Membership
competencies, and communities consecutive full terms of service on the 1. The Board will consist of at least
involved in earthquake hazards Committee shall be ineligible for five and approximately 12 members
reduction. Members shall be selected on appointment for a third term during the selected on a clear, standardized basis,
the basis of established records of two-year period following the expiration in accordance with applicable
distinguished service in their of the second term. Department of Commerce guidance, and
professional community and their 3. Nominees should have established for their preeminence in the field of
knowledge of issues affecting the records of distinguished service. The organizational performance excellence.
National Earthquake Hazards Reduction field of expertise that the candidate There will be a balanced representation
1SECITON Program. represents should be specified in the from U.S. service, manufacturing,
2. The Director of NIST shall appoint nomination letter. A summary of the nonprofit, education, and health care
the members of the Committee. candidate’s qualifications should be industries. The Board will include
htiw
Members shall be selected on a clear, included with the nomination, members familiar with the quality,
DORP32NQX11KSD
standardized basis, in accordance with including (where applicable) current or performance improvement operations,
applicable Department of Commerce former service on Federal advisory and competitiveness issues of
guidance. boards and Federal employment. manufacturing companies, service
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00012 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1

--- Page 3 ---
Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices 16503
companies, nonprofits, health care Institute of Standards and Technology, research, development, manufacturing,
providers, and educational institutions. 100 Bureau Drive, MS 8615, and policy. The membership shall be
2. Board members will be appointed Gaithersburg, MD 20899. Nominations fairly balanced among representatives of
by the Secretary of Commerce for three- may also be submitted via email to the semiconductor industry,
year terms and will serve at the IACNOM@Chips.gov. representatives of Federal laboratories
discretion of the Secretary. All terms and academia, and other members.
Committee Information
will commence on March 1 and end on Members of the Committee shall serve
the last day of February of the The Secretary of Commerce as representative members or as regular
appropriate years. (Secretary), in consultation with the government employee (RGE) members.
Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of
Miscellaneous Miscellaneous
Energy, and the Secretary of Homeland
1. Members of the Board shall serve Security, established the Industrial 1. The Committee members serve
without compensation, but may, upon Advisory Committee (the Committee) in three-year terms and may serve two
request, be reimbursed travel expenses, accordance with the Federal Advisory consecutive terms at the discretion of
including per diem, as authorized by 5 Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001 et seq., the Secretary, except that vacancy
U.S.C. 5703 et seq. and the William M. (Mac) Thornberry appointments shall be for the remainder
2. The Board will meet at least National Defense Authorization Act for of the unexpired term of the vacancy
annually, but usually two times a year. Fiscal Year 2021 (Act), Public Law 116– and that members shall have staggered
Additional meetings may be called as 283, section 9906(b). The Committee terms such that the Committee will have
deemed necessary by the NIST Director. shall assess and provide guidance to the approximately one-third new or
3. Board meetings are open to the Secretary, through the National Institute reappointed members each year.
public. Board members do not have for Standards and Technology (NIST), Members who are not able to fulfill the
access to classified or proprietary on matters relating to microelectronics duties and responsibilities of the
information in connection with their research, development, manufacturing, Committee will have their membership
Board duties. and policy. terminated. A member who has served
two consecutive full terms is ineligible
Nomination Information Objectives and Duties to serve a third term for a period of one
1. Nominations are sought from the 1. The Committee shall act in the year following the expiration of the
private and public sector as described public interest to provide advice to the second term. Vacancies are filled as
above. Secretary of Commerce through the soon as highly qualified candidates in
2. Nominees should have established National Institute of Standards and needed areas are identified and
records of distinguished service and Technology (NIST) on matters relating available to serve.
shall be familiar with the quality to microelectronics research, 2. The Secretary of Commerce shall
improvement operations and development, manufacturing, and appoint the Committee Chair and Vice-
competitiveness issues of manufacturing policy. Chair from among the Committee
companies, service companies, 2. The Committee will function solely membership. The tenures of the Chair
educational institutions, health care as an advisory body, in accordance with and Vice-Chair shall be two years and
providers, and nonprofit organizations. the provisions of FACA. The Committee can be modified at the discretion of the
The relevant expertise of the candidate shall assess and provide guidance to the Secretary. The Vice-Chair shall perform
should be specified in the nomination Secretary of Commerce, through NIST, the duties of the Chair in his or her
letter. A summary of the candidate’s on— absence. In case a vacancy occurs in the
qualifications should be included with a. science and technology needs of the position of the Chair or Vice-Chair, the
the nomination, including (where nation’s domestic microelectronics Secretary shall select a member to fill
applicable) current or former service on industry; such a vacancy; the Vice-Chair will
Federal advisory boards and Federal b. the extent to which the strategy succeed the Chair in the interim until
employment. Besides participation at developed under section 9906(a)(3) of the Secretary’s appointment of a
meetings, it is desired that members be the Act is helping maintain United member to fill the Chair’s vacancy.
able to devote the equivalent of seven States leadership in microelectronics 3. Committee members will be
days between meetings to either manufacturing; reimbursed for travel and per diem as it
developing or researching topics of c. assessment of the research and pertains to official business of the
potential interest, and so forth, in development programs and activities Committee in accordance with 5 U.S.C.
furtherance of their Board duties. authorized under section 9906 of the 5701 et seq. Committee members will
Act; and serve without compensation, except that
Industrial Advisory Committee
d. opportunities for new public- Federal Government employees who are
Address: Please submit nominations private partnerships to advance members of the Committee shall remain
to Benjamin Davis, Designated Federal microelectronics research, development, covered by their compensation system
Officer, National Institute of Standards and domestic manufacturing. pursuant to 41 CFR 102–3.130(h).
and Technology, 100 Bureau Drive, MS The Committee shall not participate 4. Members shall not reference or
8615, Gaithersburg, MD 20899. in selecting recipients of Federal otherwise utilize their membership on
Nominations may also be submitted via financial assistance. the Committee in connection with
email to IACNOM@chips.gov. public statements made in their
Membership
Additional information regarding the personal capacities without a disclaimer
1SECITON Committee, including its charter, Members of the Committee shall be that the views expressed are their own
current membership list, and executive appointed by the Secretary of and do not represent the views of the
summary, may be found at https:// Commerce. The Committee shall be Committee, NIST, or the Department of
htiw
www.nist.gov/chips/industrial-advisory- composed of not fewer than 12 members Commerce.
DORP32NQX11KSD
committee. who are qualified to provide advice to 5. NIST, when necessary and
Contact Information: Benjamin Davis, the United States Government on consistent with the Committee’s mission
Designated Federal Officer, National matters relating to microelectronics and Departmental policies and
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00013 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1

--- Page 4 ---
16504 Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices
procedures, may establish charter and current membership list, least one of whom is representative of
subcommittees, task forces, and working may be found on its electronic home small or medium sized companies in
groups, drawn in whole or in part from page at http://csrc.nist.gov/groups/SMA/ such industries.
the Committee, pursuant to the ispab/index.html. • The Board will include four
provisions of FACA, the FACA Contact Information: Jeffrey Brewer, members from outside the Federal
implementing regulations, and ISPAB Designated Federal Officer Government who are eminent in the
applicable Departmental guidance. The (DFO), NIST, 100 Bureau Drive, Mail fields of information technology, or
Department of Commerce requires that Stop 8930, Gaithersburg, MD 20899– related disciplines, but who are not
each subcommittee include at least one 8930; telephone 301–975–2489; or via employed by or representative of a
member of the Committee. email at Jeffrey.Brewer@nist.gov. producer of information technology.
Subcommittees must report back to the • The Board will include four
Committee Information
Committee and must not provide advice members from the Federal Government
or work products directly to NIST or the The ISPAB (Committee or Board) was who have information system
Secretary, and any recommendations originally chartered as the Computer management experience, including
based on their work will be deliberated System Security and Privacy Advisory experience in information security and
and adopted by the Committee prior to Board by the Department of Commerce privacy, at least one of whom shall be
dissemination. pursuant to the Computer Security Act from the National Security Agency.
of 1987 (Pub. L. 100–235). The E-
Nomination Information Miscellaneous
Government Act of 2002 (Pub. L. 107–
NIST uses a nomination process to 347, Title III), amended section 21 of the 1. Members of the Board, other than
identify candidates for the Committee. National Institute of Standards and full-time employees of the Federal
Nominations are requested through Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 278g–4), government, will not be compensated
annual announcements in the Federal including changing the Committee’s for their services, but will, upon request,
Register and through solicitations to name, and the charter was amended be allowed travel expenses pursuant to
NIST, the Department of Commerce, the accordingly. 5 U.S.C. 5703 et seq., while otherwise
Department of Defense, the Department performing duties at the request of the
of Energy, the Department of Homeland Objectives and Duties Board Chairperson, while away from
Security, the National Academies, 1. The Board will identify emerging their homes or a regular place of
professional societies, business managerial, technical, administrative, business.
associations, labor associations, and and physical safeguard issues relative to 2. Meetings of the ISPAB are usually
other appropriate organizations and information security and privacy. two to three days in duration and are
individuals in order to ensure a diverse 2. The Board will advise NIST, the usually held quarterly. ISPAB meetings
pool of applicants. Candidates may be Secretary of Homeland Security, and the are open to the public, including the
nominated by their peers or may self- Director of the Office of Management press. Members do not have access to
nominate. NIST requests that the and Budget (OMB) on information classified or proprietary information in
nomination includes a resume or security and privacy issues pertaining to connection with their ISPAB duties.
biographical sketch that specifically Federal Government information
Nomination Information
identifies the qualifications of the systems, including through review of
individual being nominated. proposed standards and guidelines 1. Nominations are being accepted in
Qualifications considered may include, developed by NIST. all three categories described above.
among others: scientific and technical 3. The Board shall report to the 2. Nominees should have specific
knowledge in selected areas and Director of NIST. experience related to information
professional experience. The Director of 4. The Board reports annually to the security or privacy issues, particularly
NIST recommends one or more Secretary of Commerce, the Secretary of as they pertain to Federal information
candidates for further review to fill Homeland Security, the Director of technology. Letters of nomination
vacancies on the Committee on the basis OMB, the Director of the National should include the category of
of the qualifications, the sectors the Security Agency, and the appropriate membership for which the candidate is
candidates may represent and the committees of the Congress. applying and a summary of the
existing representation on the 5. The Board will function solely as candidate’s qualifications for that
Committee, and the other balance an advisory body, in accordance with specific category. Also include (where
factors. This further review is to ensure the provisions of the Federal Advisory applicable) current or former service on
compliance with Federal governance Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. Federal advisory boards and any Federal
requirements, including compliance employment. Each nomination letter
Membership
with the Committee’s charter and should state that the person agrees to
membership balance plan. The 1. The Director of NIST will appoint the nomination, acknowledges the
Secretary of Commerce makes the final the Chairperson and the members of the responsibilities of serving on the ISPAB,
decision for appointment to the ISPAB, and members serve at the and that they will actively participate in
Committee. discretion of the NIST Director. good faith in the tasks of the ISPAB.
Members will be selected on a clear, 3. Besides participation at meetings, it
Information Security and Privacy
standardized basis, in accordance with is desired that members be able to
Advisory Board (ISPAB)
applicable Department of Commerce devote a minimum of two days between
Address: Please submit nominations guidance. meetings to developing draft issue
1SECITON to Jeffrey Brewer, NIST, 100 Bureau 2. The ISPAB will consist of a total of papers, researching topics of potential
Drive, Mail Stop 8930, Gaithersburg, 12 members and a Chairperson, for a interest, and so forth in furtherance of
MD 20899–8930. Nominations may also total of 13. their ISPAB duties.
htiw be submitted via email at • The Board will include four 4. Selection of ISPAB members will
DORP32NQX11KSD
Jeffrey.Brewer@nist.gov, Attn: ISPAB members from outside the Federal not be limited to individuals who are
Nominations. Additional information Government who are eminent in the nominated. Nominations that are
regarding the ISPAB, including its information technology industry, at received and meet the requirements will
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00014 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1

--- Page 5 ---
Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices 16505
be kept on file to be reviewed as ISPAB industries. The Panel will include Manufacturing Extension Partnership
vacancies occur. members familiar with the quality (MEP) Advisory Board
improvement operations and
Judges Panel of the Malcolm Baldrige Address: Please submit nominations
competitiveness issues of manufacturing
National Quality Award to Jennifer Rosa, NIST, 100 Bureau
companies, service companies,
Drive, Mail Stop 4800, Gaithersburg,
Address: Please submit nominations nonprofits, health care providers, and
MD 20899–4800. Nominations may also
to Robert Fangmeyer, Director, Baldrige educational institutions.
be submitted via email at Jennifer.Rosa@
Performance Excellence Program, NIST,
2. Panel members will be appointed nist.gov. Additional information
100 Bureau Drive, Mail Stop 1020,
by the Secretary of Commerce for three- regarding MEP, including its charter,
Gaithersburg, MD 20899–1020.
year terms and will serve at the may be found on its electronic home
Nominations may also be submitted via
discretion of the Secretary. All terms page at http://www.nist.gov/mep/
email Robert.Fangmeyer@nist.gov.
will commence on March 1 and end on advisory-board.cfm.
Additional information regarding the
the last day of February of the Contact Information: Jennifer Rosa,
Committee, including its charter,
appropriate year. Designated Federal Officer, NIST, 100
current membership list, and executive
3. Members who are not Federal Bureau Drive, Mail Stop 4800,
summary, may be found at https://
employees will serve as Special Gaithersburg, MD 20899–4800;
www.nist.gov/baldrige/how-baldrige-
Government Employees (SGEs) and will telephone 301–975–3091, or via email at
works/baldrige-community/judges-
be subject to the ethical standards Jennifer.Rosa@nist.gov.
panel.
applicable to SGEs.
Contact Information: Robyn Decker, Committee Information
Designated Federal Officer, Baldrige Miscellaneous
The MEP Advisory Board (Board) is
Performance Excellence Program, NIST,
1. Members of the Panel shall serve authorized under section 501 of the
100 Bureau Drive, Mail Stop 1020,
without compensation, but may, upon American Innovation and
Gaithersburg, MD 20899–1020;
request, be reimbursed travel expenses, Competitiveness Act (Pub. L. 114–329);
telephone 301–975–2361 or via email at
including per diem, as authorized by 5 codified at 15 U.S.C. 278k(m), as
Robyn@nist.gov.
U.S.C. 5703 et seq. amended, in accordance with the
Committee Information provisions of the Federal Advisory
2. The Panel will meet three times per
Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.
The Judges Panel of the Malcolm year. Additional meetings may be called
Baldrige National Quality Award (Panel) as deemed necessary by the NIST Objectives and Duties
was established in accordance with 15 Director or by the Chairperson. Meetings
1. The Board will provide advice on
U.S.C. 3711a(d)(1) and the Federal are usually one to four days in duration.
MEP activities, plans, and policies.
Advisory Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001 In addition, each Judge must attend an
2. The Board will assess the
et seq. annual three-day Examiner training
soundness of MEP plans and strategies.
course.
Objectives and Duties 3. The Board will assess current
3. When approved by the Department
1. The Panel will ensure the integrity performance against MEP program
of Commerce Chief Financial Officer
of the Malcolm Baldrige National plans.
and Assistant Secretary for
Quality Award (Award) selection 4. The Board will function solely in
Administration, Panel meetings are
process. Based on a review of results of an advisory capacity, and in accordance
closed or partially closed to the public.
examiners’ scoring of written with the provisions of the Federal
applications, Panel members will vote Nomination Information Advisory Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001
on which applicants’ merit site visits by et seq.
examiners to verify the accuracy of 1. Nominations are sought from all 5. The Board shall transmit through
quality improvements claimed by U.S. service and manufacturing the Director of NIST an annual report to
applicants. The Panel will also review industries, education, health care, and the Secretary of Commerce for
results and findings from site visits, and nonprofits as described above. transmittal to Congress not later than 30
recommend Award recipients. 2. Nominees should have established days after the submission to Congress of
2. The Panel will ensure that records of distinguished service and the President’s annual budget request
individual judges will not participate in shall be familiar with the quality each year. The report shall address the
the review of applicants as to which improvement operations and status of the MEP program.
they have any real or perceived conflict competitiveness issues of manufacturing
Membership
of interest. companies, service companies, health
3. The Panel will function solely as an care providers, educational institutions, 1. The Board shall consist of not fewer
advisory body, and will comply with and nonprofit organizations. The than 10 members, appointed by the
the provisions of the Federal Advisory category (field of eminence) for which Director of NIST and broadly
Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the candidate is qualified should be representative of stakeholders. At least 2
4. The Panel will report to the specified in the nomination letter. A members shall be employed by or on an
Director of NIST. summary of the candidate’s advisory board for a MEP Center, at least
qualifications should be included with 5 members shall be from U.S. small
Membership
the nomination, including (where businesses in the manufacturing sector,
1. The Panel will consist of no less applicable) current or former service on and at least 1 member shall represent a
1SECITON than 9, and not more than 12, members Federal advisory boards and Federal community college. No member shall be
selected on a clear, standardized basis, employment. Besides participation at an employee of the Federal Government.
in accordance with applicable meetings, it is desired that members be 2. The Director of NIST shall appoint
htiw
Department of Commerce guidance. either developing or researching topics the members of the Board. Members
DORP32NQX11KSD
There will be a balanced representation of potential interest, reading Baldrige shall be selected on a clear,
from U.S. service, manufacturing, applications, and so forth, in standardized basis, in accordance with
nonprofit, education, and health care furtherance of their Panel duties. applicable Department of Commerce
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00015 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1

--- Page 6 ---
16506 Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices
guidance. Board members serve at the section 5104 of the National Artificial e. How to leverage the resources of the
discretion of the Director of NIST. Intelligence Initiative Act of 2020 (Pub. Initiative to streamline and enhance
3. The term of office of each member L. 116–283), hereinafter referred to as operations in various areas of
of the Board shall be three years, except the Act, and the Federal Advisory government operations, including
that vacancy appointments shall be for Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. health care, cybersecurity,
the remainder of the unexpired term of The Committee shall provide advice infrastructure, and disaster recovery;
the vacancy. Any person who has to the President and the National f. The need to update the Initiative;
completed two consecutive full terms of Artificial Intelligence Initiative Office g. The balance of activities and
service on the Board shall thereafter be on matters related to the National funding across the Initiative;
ineligible for appointment during the Artificial Intelligence Initiative h. Whether the strategic plan
one-year period following the expiration (Initiative). The purposes of the developed or updated by the
of the second term. Initiative are: (1) ensuring continued Interagency Committee established
United States leadership in artificial under section 5103(d)(2) of the Act is
Miscellaneous
intelligence research and development; helping to maintain United States
1. Members of the Board will not be (2) leading the world in the leadership in artificial intelligence;
compensated for their services but will, development and use of trustworthy i. The management, coordination, and
upon request, be allowed travel and per artificial intelligence systems in the activities of the Initiative;
diem expenses as authorized by 5 U.S.C. public and private sectors; (3) preparing j. Whether ethical, legal, safety,
5703 et seq., while attending meetings the present and future United States security, and other appropriate societal
of the Board or subcommittees thereof, workforce for the integration of artificial issues are adequately addressed by the
or while otherwise performing duties at intelligence systems across all sectors of Initiative;
the request of the Chair, while away the economy and society; and (4) k. Opportunities for international
from their homes or regular places of coordinating ongoing artificial cooperation with strategic allies on
business. intelligence research, development, and artificial intelligence research activities,
2. The Board will meet at least demonstration activities among the standards development, and the
biannually. Additional meetings may be civilian agencies, the Department of compatibility of international
called by the Director of NIST or the Defense, and the Intelligence regulations;
Designated Federal Officer (DFO). Community to ensure that each informs l. Accountability and legal rights,
3. Committee meetings are open to the including matters relating to oversight
the work of the others.
public. of artificial intelligence systems using
Objectives and Duties regulatory and nonregulatory
Nomination Information
approaches, the responsibility for any
The Committee shall advise the
1. Nominations are being accepted in violations of existing laws by an
President and the Initiative Office on
all categories described above. artificial intelligence system, and ways
matters related to the Initiative,
2. Nominees should have specific to balance advancing innovation while
including recommendations related to:
experience related to manufacturing and protecting individual rights; and
a. The current state of United States
industrial extension services. Letters of m. How artificial intelligence can
competitiveness and leadership in
nomination should include the category enhance opportunities for diverse
artificial intelligence, including the
of membership for which the candidate geographic regions of the United States,
scope and scale of United States
is applying and a summary of the including urban, Tribal, and rural
investments in artificial intelligence
candidate’s qualifications for that communities.
research and development in the
specific category. In addition, pursuant to section
international context;
3. Nominations that are received and 5104(e) of the Act, the Committee’s
b. The progress made in
meet the requirements will be kept on Chairperson shall establish a
implementing the Initiative, including a
file to be reviewed as Board vacancies subcommittee that shall provide advice
review of the degree to which the
occur. to the President, through the Committee,
Initiative has achieved the goals
on matters related to the development of
National Artificial Intelligence according to the metrics established by
AI relating to law enforcement,
Advisory Committee (NAIAC) the Interagency Committee under
including advice on the following:
Address: Please submit nominations section 5103(d)(2) of the Act; A. Bias, including whether the use of
to Cheryl Gendron, Designated Federal c. The state of the science around facial recognition by government
Officer, National Institute of Standards artificial intelligence, including progress authorities, including law enforcement
and Technology, 100 Bureau Drive, MS toward artificial general intelligence; agencies, is taking into account ethical
8900, Gaithersburg, MD 20899. d. Issues related to artificial considerations and addressing whether
Nominations may also be submitted via intelligence and the United States such use should be subject to additional
email to Cheryl.Gendron@nist.gov. workforce, including matters relating to oversight, controls, and limitations.
Contact Information: Cheryl Gendron, the potential for using artificial B. Security of data, including law
Designated Federal Officer, National intelligence for workforce training, the enforcement’s access to data and the
Institute of Standards and Technology, possible consequences of technological security parameters for that data.
100 Bureau Drive, MS 8900, displacement, and supporting workforce C. Adoptability, including methods to
Gaithersburg, MD 20899. Nominations training opportunities for occupations allow the United States Government and
may also be submitted via email to that lead to economic self-sufficiency industry to take advantage of artificial
1SECITON Cheryl.Gendron@nist.gov. for individuals with barriers to intelligence systems for security or law
employment and historically enforcement purposes while at the same
Committee Information
underrepresented populations, time ensuring the potential abuse of
htiw
The Secretary of Commerce including minorities, Indians (as such technologies is sufficiently
DORP32NQX11KSD
established the National Artificial defined in 25 U.S.C. 5304), low-income mitigated.
Intelligence Advisory Committee (the populations, and persons with D. Legal standards, including those
NAIAC or the Committee) pursuant to disabilities; designed to ensure the use of artificial
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00016 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1

--- Page 7 ---
Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices 16507
intelligence systems are consistent with includes a summary of the candidate’s Technology of the House of
the privacy rights, civil rights and civil qualifications with a nomination letter, Representatives and to the Committee
liberties, and disability rights issues including (where applicable) current or on Commerce, Science, and
raised by the use of these technologies. former service on Federal advisory Transportation of the Senate a report
boards and Federal employment. The that includes: (1) an evaluation of
Membership
field of eminence for which the National Construction Safety Team
Members of the Committee shall be candidate is qualified should be (Team) activities, along with
appointed by the Secretary of specified in the nomination letter. In recommendations to improve the
Commerce. The Committee shall consist addition, each nomination letter should operation and effectiveness of Teams,
of not less than 9 or more than 35 state whether the candidate seeks to and (2) an assessment of the
members, who represent broad and serve on the Committee, the implementation of the
interdisciplinary expertise and Subcommittee, or both; and that the recommendations of Teams and of the
perspectives, including from academic candidate acknowledges the Committee.
institutions, companies across diverse responsibilities of serving and will
Membership
sectors, nonprofit and civil society actively participate in good faith in the
entities, including civil rights and tasks of the Committee or 1. The Committee shall consist of no
disability rights organizations, and Subcommittee, as appropriate. Third- less than 4 and no more than 12
Federal laboratories, who represent party nomination letters should state members. Members shall reflect the
geographic diversity, and who are that the candidate agrees to the wide diversity of technical disciplines
qualified to provide advice and nomination. and competencies involved in the
information on science and technology National Construction Safety Teams
National Construction Safety Team
research, development, ethics, investigations. Members shall be
(NCST) Advisory Committee
standards, education, technology selected on the basis of established
transfer, commercial application, Address: Please submit nominations records of distinguished service in their
security, and economic competitiveness to Judy Bowie, Designated Federal professional community and their
related to artificial intelligence. Officer, NIST, 100 Bureau Drive, Mail knowledge of issues affecting the
In selecting the members of the Stop 8615, Gaithersburg, MD 20899– National Construction Safety Teams.
Committee, the Secretary of Commerce 8615 or via email at Judy.Bowie@ 2. The Director of NIST shall appoint
shall seek and give consideration to nist.gov. Additional information the members of the Committee, and they
recommendations from Congress, regarding the NCST Advisory will be selected on a clear, standardized
industry, nonprofit organizations, the Committee, including its charter, may basis, in accordance with applicable
scientific community (including the be found on its electronic home page at Department of Commerce guidance.
National Academies of Sciences, https://www.nist.gov/el/disaster-
Miscellaneous
Engineering, and Medicine, scientific resilience/disaster-and-failure-studies/
professional societies, and academic national-construction-safety-team-ncst/ 1. Members of the Committee shall
institutions), the defense and law advisory. not be compensated for their services
enforcement communities, and other Contact Information: Tanya Brown- but may, upon request, be allowed
appropriate organizations. Giammanco, Director, Disaster and travel and per diem expenses in
Failure Studies Program, NIST, 100 accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5703.
Miscellaneous Bureau Drive, Mail Stop 8615, 2. Members of the Committee shall
Meetings will be conducted at least Gaithersburg, MD 20899–8615, serve as Special Government Employees
twice each year. telephone 301–975–2822; or via email at (SGEs), will be subject to the ethics
1. Generally, Committee meetings are Tanya.Brown-Giammanco@nist.gov. standards applicable to SGEs, and are
open to the public. required to file an annual Executive
2. Meetings may be held in-person in Committee Information Branch Confidential Financial
selected locations across the country The NCST Advisory Committee Disclosure Report.
and/or virtually. (Committee) was established in 3. The Committee shall meet at least
accordance with the National once per year. Additional meetings may
Nomination Information
Construction Safety Team Act, Public be called whenever requested by the
1. Nominations are sought from all Law 107–231, and the Federal Advisory NIST Director or the Designated Federal
fields, sectors, and perspectives Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. Officer (DFO); such meetings may be in
described above. the form of telephone conference calls
2. Nominees should represent broad Objectives and Duties and/or videoconferences.
and interdisciplinary expertise and 1. The Committee shall advise the
perspectives, including from academic Director of NIST on carrying out the Nomination Information
institutions, companies across diverse National Construction Safety Team Act 1. Nominations are sought from
sectors, nonprofit and civil society (Act), review the procedures developed industry and other communities having
entities, including civil rights and under section 2(c)(1) of the Act, and an interest in the National Construction
disability rights organizations, and review the reports issued under section Safety Teams investigations.
Federal laboratories, who represent 8 of the Act. 2. Nominees should have established
geographic diversity, and who are 2. The Committee functions solely as records of distinguished service. The
qualified to provide advice and an advisory body, in accordance with field of expertise that the candidate
1SECITON information on science and technology the provisions of the Federal Advisory represents should be specified in the
research, development, ethics, Committee Act. nomination letter. Nominations for a
standards, education, technology 3. The Committee shall report to the particular field should come from
htiw
transfer, commercial application, Director of NIST. organizations or individuals within that
DORP32NQX11KSD
security, and economic competitiveness 4. On January 1 of each year, the field. A summary of the candidate’s
related to artificial intelligence. A Committee shall transmit to the qualifications should be included with
resume or C.V. should be sent that Committee on Science, Space, and the nomination, including (where
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00017 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1

--- Page 8 ---
16508 Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices
applicable) current or former service on f. Assess organizational capabilities designee, but not less often than once
Federal advisory boards and Federal required to carry out NTIS’s mission, every six months.
employment. including capabilities in data science 3. NTIS may establish such
and for operational management of its subcommittees of its members as may be
National Technical Information Service
project portfolio. necessary, pursuant to the provisions of
Advisory Board (NTIS)
FACA, the FACA implementing
Membership
Address: Please submit nominations regulations, and applicable Department
to the Designated Federal Officer, NTIS, a. The NTIS Advisory Board shall be of Commerce guidance. Subcommittees
via email at FACA@ntis.gov . Additional composed of a Chairperson appointed will report to the NTIS Advisory Board
information regarding the NTIS, by the Secretary and four other members and may not provide advice or work
including its charter, current appointed by the Secretary. In the event products directly to the Department of
membership list, and past reports may of a vacancy in the Chairperson Commerce or NTIS.
be found on its electronic homepage at position, the NTIS Director may
Nomination Information
https://www.ntis.gov/about/advisorybd/ designate a member to serve as acting
index.xhtml. Chairperson until a Chairperson is 1. NTIS seeks nominations of
Contact Information: Bobby appointed by the Secretary. practitioners with recognized expertise
Khondker, (703) 605–6185, BKhondker@ b. Members shall be selected solely on in data collection, compilation, analysis,
ntis.gov or Simone Gills (703) 605–6586, the basis of established records of use and dissemination, as well as data
SGills@ntis.gov. distinguished service and objectivity; science, information technology,
cybersecurity and privacy.
Committee Information shall have recognized expertise in data 2. Members will be selected form the
collection, compilation, analysis, use,
The Secretary of Commerce, pursuant business, academic, non-profit, and
and dissemination, as well as data
to section 212(c) of the National State and local government
science, information technology,
Technical Information Act of 1988 (15 communities.
cybersecurity, and privacy. Members
U.S.C. 3704b(c)), established the 3. Reasonable efforts will be made to
will be selected from the business,
Advisory Board, in accordance with the ensure members represent the entire
academic, non- profit, and State and
Federal Advisory Committee Act, 5 spectrum of Federal data interests
local government communities.
U.S.C. 1001 et seq. including demographic, economic,
Reasonable efforts will be made to
trade, health, scientific, patent,
Objectives and Duties ensure members represent the entire
environmental, geospatial,
spectrum of Federal data interests
1. The NTIS Advisory Board shall cybersecurity, and transactional data.
including demographic, economic,
review and make recommendations to Collectively, their knowledge will
trade, health, scientific, patent,
improve NTIS programs, operations, include all types of data the Federal
environmental, geospatial,
and general policies in support of NTIS’ Government collects, compiles,
cybersecurity, and transactional data.
mission to advance Federal data analyzes, uses and disseminates.
No Federal Government employee shall
priorities, promote economic growth, 4. Nominees should have established
serve as a member of the Board.
and enable operational excellence by records of distinguished service. The
c. The term of office of each member
providing innovative data services to field of expertise in which the candidate
of the Board shall be three years, except
Federal agencies through joint venture is qualified should be specified in the
that vacancy appointments shall be for
partnerships with the private sector. nomination letter. Nominations for a
the remainder of the unexpired term of
2. The Board shall report to the particular field should come from
the vacancy. All appointments shall
Secretary of Commerce and to the Under organizations or individuals within that
automatically terminate if the charter is
Secretary of Commerce for Standards field. A summary of the candidate’s
terminated or not renewed. All members
and Technology through the Director of qualifications should be included with
serve at the pleasure of the Secretary.
NTIS. the nomination, including (where
3. The Board shall act in the public d. Any person who has completed applicable) current or former service on
interest to: two consecutive full terms of service on Federal advisory boards and Federal
a. Provide advice on the optimal data the Board shall be ineligible for employment. In additional, each
services business and operating model appointment for a third term during the nomination letter should state that the
to best implement NTIS’ joint venture one-year period following the expiration person agrees to the nominations,
authority. of the second term. acknowledges the responsibilities of
b. Provide advice on the means, e. Members shall serve as Special serving on the Board, and will actively
including infrastructure and process Government Employees (SGEs) and will participate in good faith in the tasks of
improvements, to make Federal data be subject to all ethical standards and the NTIS Advisory Board.
easier to find, access, analyze, and rules applicable to SGEs.
Visiting Committee on Advanced
combine.
Miscellaneous Technology (VCAT)
c. Assess progress in evolving NTIS
programs toward a focus on Federal data 1. Members of the Committee will not Address: Please submit nominations
priorities. be paid for their services, but will, upon to Stephanie Shaw, Designated Federal
d. Assess the use of merit-based request, be allowed travel and per diem Officer, VCAT, NIST, 100 Bureau Drive,
criteria and processes to plan, conduct, in accordance with 5 U.S.C. 5703 et Mail Stop 1060, Gaithersburg, MD
and oversee programs and projects, seq., while attending meetings of the 20899–1060. Nominations may also be
1SECITON including the selection of joint venture Committee or of its subcommittees, or submitted via email at
partners. while otherwise performing duties at Stephanie.Shaw@nist.gov. Additional
e. Assess policies in connection with the request of the chairperson, while information regarding the VCAT,
htiw
fees and charges for NTIS services in away from their homes or a regular including its charter, current
DORP32NQX11KSD
order for the agency to operate on a place of business. membership list, and past reports may
substantially self-sustaining basis, as 2. The Board shall meet at the call of be found on its electronic homepage at
required by law. the Secretary or the Secretary’s http://www.nist.gov/director/vcat/.
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00018 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1

--- Page 9 ---
Federal Register/Vol. 90, No. 74/Friday, April 18, 2025/Notices 16509
Contact Information: Stephanie Shaw, (SGEs) and will be subject to the ethics must report back to the Committee and
Designated Federal Officer, VCAT, standards applicable to SGEs. any recommendations based on their
NIST, 100 Bureau Drive, Mail Stop 3. The Committee is composed of not work will be deliberated and agreed
1060, Gaithersburg, MD 20899–1060, via fewer than nine members appointed by upon by the Committee prior to
email at Stephanie.Shaw@nist.gov or the NIST Director and selected to dissemination to NIST.
telephone: 301–975–2667. provide representation of a cross-section
Miscellaneous
of the traditional and emerging United
Committee Information States industries. 15 U.S.C. 278(b). The 1. Meetings of the VCAT usually take
The VCAT (Committee) was term of office of each member of the place at NIST Gaithersburg or Boulder
established in accordance with 15 Committee shall be three years, except site. The Committee will meet at least
U.S.C. 278 and the Federal Advisory that vacancy appointments shall be for twice each year at the call of the
Committee Act, 5 U.S.C. 1001 et seq. the remainder of the unexpired term of chairperson or whenever one-third of
the vacancy. 15 U.S.C. 278(c)(1). the members so request in writing. The
Objectives and Duties
Members shall serve at the discretion of Committee shall not act in the absence
1. The Committee shall review and the Director of NIST. of a quorum, which shall consist of a
make recommendations regarding 4. Any person who has completed two majority of the members of the
general policy for NIST, its organization, consecutive full terms of service on the Committee not having a conflict of
its budget, and its programs, within the Committee shall be ineligible for interest in the matter being considered
framework of applicable national appointment for a third term during the by the Committee. 15 U.S.C. 278(d).
policies as set forth by the President and one-year period following the expiration 2. Generally, Committee meetings are
the Congress. 15 U.S.C. 278(a). of the second term. 15 U.S.C. 278(c)(1). open to the public.
2. The Committee shall provide an 5. Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 278(f), the
Nomination Information
annual report, through the Director of Committee chairperson and vice
NIST, to the Secretary of Commerce for chairperson shall be elected by the 1. Nominations are sought from all
submission to the Congress not later members of the Committee at each fields described above.
than 30 days after the submittal to annual meeting occurring in an even- 2. Nominees should have established
Congress of the President’s annual numbered year. The vice chairperson records of distinguished service and
budget request in each year. Such report shall perform the duties of the shall be eminent in fields such as
shall deal essentially, though not chairperson in his or her absence. In business, research, new product
necessarily exclusively, with policy case a vacancy occurs in the position of development, critical and emerging
issues or matters which affect NIST, or the chairperson or vice chairperson, the technologies, engineering, labor,
with which the Committee in its official Committee shall elect a member to fill management consulting, and
role as the private sector policy adviser such vacancy. international standards. The category
of NIST is concerned. Each such report 6. Members of the Committee will not (field of eminence) for which the
shall identify areas of research and be compensated for their services, but candidate is qualified should be
research techniques of the Institute of will, upon request, be allowed travel specified in the nomination letter. A
potential importance to the long-term expenses in accordance with 5 U.S.C. summary of the candidate’s
competitiveness of United States 5703 et seq., while attending meetings qualifications should be included with
industry, in which the Institute of the Committee or of its the nomination, including (where
possesses special competence, which subcommittees, or while otherwise applicable) current or former service on
could be used to assist United States performing duties at the request of the Federal advisory boards and Federal
enterprises and Untied States industrial chairperson, while away from their employment. In addition, each
joint research and development homes or a regular place of business. nomination letter should state that the
7. Pursuant to 15 U.S.C. 278(g), the candidate agrees to the nomination,
ventures. 15 U.S.C. 278(h)(1). The
Committee may, with the concurrence acknowledges the responsibilities of
Committee shall submit, through the
of a majority of its members, permit the serving on the VCAT, and will actively
Director of NIST, to the Secretary and
appointment of a staff consisting of not participate in good faith in the tasks of
the Congress such additional reports on
more than four professional staff the VCAT.
specific policy matters as it deems
members and such clerical staff
appropriate. 15 U.S.C. 278(h)(2). Alicia Chambers,
3. The Committee will function solely members as may be necessary. Such NIST Executive Secretariat.
as an advisory body, in accordance with staff members shall be appointed by the
[FR Doc. 2025–06716 Filed 4–17–25; 8:45 am]
the provisions of the Federal Advisory Director after consultation with the
Committee Act, as amended, 5 U.S.C. chairperson of the Committee and BILLING CODE 3510–13–P
App. assigned at the direction of the
4. The Committee shall report to the Committee. DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
Director of NIST. 8. Subcommittees: Pursuant to 15
U.S.C. 278(e), the Committee shall have National Oceanic and Atmospheric
Membership an executive committee and may Administration
1. The Director of NIST shall appoint delegate to it such powers and functions
the members of the Committee. of the Committee as it deems [RTID 0648–XE658]
Members shall be selected on a clear, appropriate. The Committee and/or the
Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic
standardized basis, in accordance with Director of NIST may establish such
Zone Off Alaska; North Pacific Halibut
1SECITON applicable Department of Commerce other subcommittees, task forces, and
and Sablefish Individual Fishing Quota
guidance. 15 U.S.C. 278(a). No working groups consisting of members
Cost Recovery Program
employee of the Federal Government from the parent Committee as may be
htiw
shall serve as a member of the necessary, subject to the provisions of AGENCY: National Marine Fisheries
DORP32NQX11KSD
Committee. 15 U.S.C. 278(b). FACA, the FACA implementing Service (NMFS); National Oceanic and
2. Members of the Committee shall regulations, and applicable Department Atmospheric Administration (NOAA),
serve as Special Government Employees of Commerce guidance. Subcommittees Commerce.
no
rettol
VerDate Sep<11>2014 17:07 Apr 17, 2025 Jkt 265001 PO 00000 Frm 00019 Fmt 4703 Sfmt 4703 E:\FR\FM\18APN1.SGM 18APN1
